Update brand-fetch extension (#12791)
raycast/extensions: extensions/brand-fetch/CHANGELOG.md

# Brandfetch Changelog

> ## [Initial Version] - 2024-03-12
> 
> ## [New Features] - 2024-06-06
> 
> - Support free search API
> - support input as both query or url
> - add multi stage preview for logos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [New Features] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

- Support free search API
- support input as both query or url
- Add multi stage preview for logos

## [Initial Version] - 2024-03-12
```

Latest changelog should be on the top.
